h2. 
This sample code is intended to showcase how to validate OpenSocial HMAC-SHA1 signed requests.  This validation is an alternate method of "Validating Signed Request":http://wiki.opensocial.org/index.php?title=Validating_Signed_Requests via public certs.  This sample code includes the following files:
* signed_requests.xml - The OpenSocial gadget that initiates the signed request
* signed_requests_validate.php - The server-side validation script

h3. Library Dependancies

This sample code requires the OAuth PHP library located "here":http://github.com/yahoo/yos-social-php5/blob/master/lib/OAuth/OAuth.php.  This file needs to be copied to the same folder as the files located in this project.

h3. Setting Up This Example

To set up this example, there are several steps that need to be taken:
* In signed_requests.xml change the "url" parameter to the absolute URL to the signed_requests_validate.php file
* In signed_requests_validate.php add in your consumer key ($key variable) and consumer secret ($secret variable)

h3. Code Contributions

This project only accepts contributions licensed under the BSD open source license. See the Open Source Initiative's approved template below.<br>

Each file submitted should contain the following information in the header:<br>
// Created by Jonathan LeBlanc<br>
// Copyright (c) Jonathan LeBlanc, 2010.  All Rights Reserved.<br>
// Licensed under the BSD (revised) open source license.<br>

Below is the Open Source Initiative BSD License Template (http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php):<br>

Copyright (c) &lt;2010&gt;, &lt;Jonathan LeBlanc&gt;<br>
All rights reserved.<br>
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br>

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
